1. The First Marvel Superhero
Thought Captain America was the first Marvel hero? Well you’d be right were it not for some clever modifications.
Marvel’s first hero, appearing in Marvel #1 in 1939 was The Human Torch – not Johnny Storm but an android 
that could control fire.The comic book sold more than 800,000 copies. Our fave Cap wasn’t born into 
the world until 1941, selling over one million copies.
2. Marvel Almost Owned DC
In our list of Spider-Man facts, we mentioned that the Clone Saga almost killed Marvel Comics, but a decade
earlier, DC was in the dumps as their characters weren’t really selling. Jim Shooter, Marvel’s editor-in-chief 
was approached by the head of Warner Communications’ publishing at the time but turned down the offer claiming
DC characters wouldn’t sell as they weren’t very good. Ouch! Imagine if the deal went ahead. That same-old 
Marvel comics vs. DC comics debate would never have existed!
3. Aunt May and Tony Together?
An MCU hook-up? Hear us out before scrambling for the barf bags! Melissa Tomei and Robert Downey Jr. 
(who played the respective pair in Civil War) knew each other from the 1994 film Only You, and dated 
for a while. Her position in Homecoming was in fact a recommendation by Downey despite breaking up 
on good terms some time ago. It’s always who you know in Hollywood.
4. Black Panther is NOT the Richest Superhero
It has been estimated that Black Panther has an estimated net worth of somewhere in the trillions. This 
makes T’Challa himself only slightly less well-off than the entirety of Sweden which has a nominal GDP 
of $507 billion. Being king of a country and thus its wealth being your wealth will no doubt do this for you 
but believe it or not, he’s not the number one richest hero in the Universe as many would assume – check out 
our ranking of the richest Marvel heroes to find out who makes it to the top of the list!
5. Wolverine was Almost a Talking Wolverine
Bit of random trivia from the wacky days of 1977 – everyone’s favorite knuckle-clawed hunk Wolverine was 
planned to be a wolverine who mutated into a human. This was indicated by a passing leprechaun only he 
saw but the story group never followed through with this.